I basically took fashion as my muse and
I was very inspired by the whole ideas
in the process of what it goes on as a
designer from sketch the incubation of
the sketch this got just come alive to
this whole idea of the cliches of
fashion the little black dress
the idea of hanger appeal and
wearability homage to fashion and the
supermodel that's really what it's about
it's about that time that late 80s early
light is high-end fashion the supermodel
Karen Boulder Linda Evangelista Naomi
Campbell that just that big kind of like
hi kind of like ponytail kind of sexy
vicious glamorous look there's a little
bit of Blonde Ambition Madonna in here
as well doesn't know it does it it looks
really really sexy
who are you shooting for the look today
at Jeremy Scott is fashion fashion and
fashion so we're interpreting that as
extreme eyewear so we're taking the idea
of a sort of like a early 90s supermodel
eye makeup look and just making it more
extreme we've got a really strong lip it
is a lip liner it's kind of like the
wrong side of beige
I took the idea of how the brand warship
and this whole idea of like praying to
the altar of fashion in the sense in the
church of fashion and did all the
stained glass window dresses and the the
jeweled pieces and is kind of you know
please the obstacle dying for this dress
when I saw it and when he asked me he
sent me a tweet and said please please
come to my show and the next morning I
woke up and there was a bag and a little
note from him because he knew how much I
loved this dress and it was there and I
was like yes I get to wear it
I think his fashion is so fun and he
makes clothes for people that want to
make a statement and don't give up
putting anyone else things
it was fantastic I love Jeremy skies
just all of it all the jewels I messed
up on the body of three amazing I love
it
well I really hope that I do make people
smile as you said and also hopefully
make them kind of think and maybe kind
of open their mind a little bit about
you know oh well that's interesting I
didn't really look at it that way and
just kind of have a different view
perhaps a character he is an individual
thinking outside of the box always then
always did his own thing without
following trends he can spot a Jeremy
Scott drives across really you know it's
him I love to be happy I love to have a
good laugh and Jeremy always gives it to
me
Jeremie is you know the most outrageous
the most was taking I think you know
he's always got a sense of humor about
his you know collections as well and
always has a really specific theme in
mind and he always puts forward a really
really incredible collection especially
that both of us love to wear
I'd say he's the most wearable designer
for us and he gets us in the most color
yeah sure it always just shocked me
because I think you must be just a
genius because how he comes up with his
ideas they're just incredible like you
sit there and you're like that is
amazing it's it's so different it's not
he's a trendsetter rather than a fashion
follower
I love how irreverent years and how
tongue-in-cheek years and you know he
never conformed and that's great and I
think passion is about nonconformity and
I think when everything gets too routine
and regimented it gets very boring and I
love Jeremy because he's so you know
he's just fierce I love the leather
daddy references if you know he's so
open about everything and it's so sexual
and I love that
if I'm a big big fan of Jeremy Scott I
really love what he does I think it's so
much fun and you know it's just like
young and and with outragers and it's
street combined with fashion so it's
always wonderful young and funky you
know and he always has like a political
message so it's interesting